Update the microreactor drum rotation model (#686)
idaholab/virtual_test_bed: doc/content/microreactors/drum_rotation/index.md

For the steady-state input, these functions are constant:

!listing microreactors/drum_rotation/neutronics_eigenvalue.i
  block=Functions AuxKernels
  caption=Defining control drum position
  id=lst:drum_fun

This rodded material implements the cusping treatment described in [!cite](Schunert2019Control).
However, a significant cusping effect can still be seen in the calculated power and reactivity.
Investigations indicate that the cusping effect is due to the discretization when the cross sections of the absorbing material and the non-absorbing material are significantly different.
To mitigate the cusping effect, we turned on the decusping syntax by increasing the spatial expansion order (p-refinement) or refining the local elements (h-refinement) in the drum regions (automatically detected by Griffin based on the types of materials).

!listing microreactors/drum_rotation/neutronics_eigenvalue.i
  block=Decusping
  caption=Decusping for control drum rotation.
  id=lst:drum_decusping

> We set the parameter `switch_h_to_p_refinement` to false because the model contains temperature variables in LAGRANGE family, which does not support p-refinement currently.

Author: Actually, I checked this again: if I add `Mesh/second_order = true`, we can do p-refinement.

#### Adjoint Problem

> In order to compute point-kinetics parameters, like dynamic reactivity and mean generation time, Griffin requires the computation of an adjoint solution. This is done by running the adjoint version of the steady-state neutronics input. There adjoint input is basically the same as the forward input, with a couple key difference. First, the problem is de-coupled, so there are not `MultiApps` or `Transfers` and the thermal solution is loaded from forward solution file. Second, `TransportSystems` must have the parameter `for_adjoint = true` set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to compute point-kinetics parameters, like dynamic reactivity and mean generation time, Griffin requires the computation of an adjoint solution. This is done by running the adjoint version of the steady-state neutronics input. The adjoint input is basically the same as the forward input, with a couple key differences. First, the problem is de-coupled, so there are not `MultiApps` or `Transfers` and the thermal solution is loaded from forward solution file. Second, `TransportSystems` must have the parameter `for_adjoint = true` set.
```

Because outputs are the overhead of the run-time, to better show the scalaiblity of the calculation including setup, iterative solving, etc. we also gather the run times by turning outputs off:

!listing
mpiexec -n <n> griffin-opt -i neutronics_eigenvalue.i Outputs/exodus=false UserObjects/active='' bison:UserObjects/active=''
mpiexec -n <n> griffin-opt -i neutronics_eigenvalue.i MultiApps/active='' Transfers/active='' Outputs/exodus=false UserObjects/active=''

for both multiphysics and neutronics-only runs.
Run times for all four calculations with different number of processors are presented in [!ref](tab:rt_eigenvalue).

!table caption=Run times for steady-state simulation on various processors id=tab:rt_eigenvalue
| Processors (`<n>`) | Neutronics-only (s) | Neutronics-only no-output (s) | Multiphysics (s) | Multiphysics no-output (s)
| - | - | - | - | - |
| 4 | 139 | 123 | 146 | 131 |
| 8 | 81 | 69 | 87 | 74 |
| 16 | 48 | 38 | 51 | 41 |

> | 32 | 27 | 20 | 29 | 23 |

Author: Time changed from 122s to 20s with increased streaming directions (1x3 => 2x6).

First is building the meshes, which produces `empire_2d_CD_fine_in.e`:

!listing
griffin-opt -i empire_2d_CD_fine.i --mesh-only

Second is the coupled steady-state calculation, which produces `neutronics_eigenvalue_out.e` and `neutronics_eigenvalue_out_bison0.e`:

!listing
mpiexec -n <n> griffin-opt -i neutronics_eigenvalue.i

We can also run neutronics only without coupling the thermal conduction with command-line options:

!listing
mpiexec -n <n> griffin-opt -i neutronics_eigenvalue.i MultiApps/active='' Transfers/active=''

`MultiApps/active='' Transfers/active=''` are for turning off the multiphysics coupling.
Note that we still have the Picard iteration as the outer iteration.
At the end of each Picard iteration, Griffin will perform some extra evaluations for auxiliary variables, postprocessors executed on timestep_end and outputs.
But because inner Richardson iteration continues with the solution from the last Richardson iteration in the previous outer Picard iteration, the overall performance does not change much with only the Richardson iteration with the same number of iterations.

> Because outputs are the overhead of the run-time, to better show the scalability of the calculation including setup, iterative solving, etc. we also gather the run times by turning outputs off:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also gather the run times by turning outputs off, as the outputs used in this simulation are convenient to use, but not optimized for scalability:
```

!table caption=Run times for adjoint simulation on various processors id=tab:rt_adjoint
| Processors (`<n>`) | Run-time (s) |
| - | - |
| 4 | 113 |
| 8 | 63 |
| 16 | 35 |
| 32 | 19 |
| 64 | 12 |

> | 96 | 9 |

Author: No because the number of streaming directions is not 2*6, vs before 1*3.

!table caption=Run times for adjoint simulation on various processors id=tab:rt_transient
| Processors (`<n>`) | Run-time (min) |
| - | - |
| 4 | 743  |
| 8 | 432 |
| 16 | 250 |
| 32 | 136 |
| 64 | 84 |

> | 96 | 62 |

Author: The number of time steps is doubled. I might also be converging each step tighter than before. Note that the number of streaming directions is four times larger than before, but the mesh size is smaller.

There are totoal 167 time steps with total 4,381 Richardson iterations.

> These numbers and the transient run times can possibly reduced in the future with a better time stepping scheme.

Reviewer: no need to speculate
